Meet the Open Device Partnership, a bold initiative to make building secure, high-quality Windows devices easier and faster than ever.
ODP brings together industry standards and open collaboration to simplify system software across all silicon platforms, x86, ARM, and beyond.
Our goal?
Set new benchmarks in security, performance, battery life, and reliability, while re-using more code and accelerating development.
ODP is already powering real progress.
Projects like our boot firmware, also known as Patina, Secure Embedded Controller firmware, and Unified Windows EC services are leading the way.
Security isn't optional.
ODP designs software with security-first thinking, modern languages, and secure hardware features built in.
Often device firmware is needlessly fragmented.
By standardizing the plumbing, ODP lets you focus on what really matters differentiation and innovation.
ODP is open-source, partner-driven, and built for speed.
Work together, share code, and build better secure devices, faster.
Whether you're an OEM, ODM, IHV, silicon vendor, or indie dev, ODP is your invitation to shape the future of secure Windows devices.
Explore the docs, clone a repo, or send a pull request.
The Open Device Partnership is ready for your ideas.
Let's build together!